this book you must read it a gentleman a
friend of mine he's worth 25 million net
worth he reads this book every year and
has done for the last 19 years thinking
Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill and in that
book those of you that read it will know
that the number one influencing factor
to success and trading is this your
ability to make decisions it usually
takes a while for a laugh to come with
that one what's going on so it's your
ability to make a decision if you can't
make decisions you won't trade if you
can't make a decision in life forget
trading you have to be able to make
decisions but what you mustn't do is get
emotionally attached to your decisions
does that make sense to everyone get
emotionally attached to trading just
like kevin was saying earlier but don't
get emotionally attached to each
decision so you have to think of it that
way now who's up for learning a bit
about trading who's up for that right
well I'm off cuz none of you seem like
you're up for it who's after learning
about trading guys let's go so find some
paper I call this the traders try this
is a concept that you need to be aware
of if you want to become a successful
trader number one you need to have an
element of fundamental and technical
skill now if you turn to the back of the
room you'll see my team wearing my team
they're my trading team my cash flow
team I've got technical specialists
there I've got fundamental specialists
there we all have an element and some
will have more fundamental knowledge and
technical but that will relate to the
type of trading they're doing some will
have more technical some will have more
fundamental the balance will be
different for a different type of trader
but unless you've got those skills you
won't be able to trade you've got to
have the right psychology you've got to
have the right mindset it's no good
approaching trading thinking every
trades going to work you have to look at
your risk first I am NOT going to stand
up here and tell you that you won't have
losing trades is part of it traders in
the room would you agree yeah you have
losing trades but you've got to manage
those traits losing trades and winning
trades if these three elements of your
triad are not right you will not be
successful but here's the thing if you
have one area that is weak it will
affect the others let's
you've picked the right trades let's say
your mind sets right but you come to
actually manage those trades and you
don't know when to enter and you don't
know when to exit you haven't analyzed
your risk properly that trade will end
up being a losing trade and what do you
think that does that then affects your
wat mindset and if you haven't seen it
go to BBC iplayer and watch the
million-dollar traders and see what
happens to them when I have a losing
trade when you spend three days with me
I spend the whole of the first morning
working specifically on your mindset I
talk about wealth mindset just like
kevin was today but I also talk and
please write this down traders mindset
replace the word psychology with mindset
because it's slightly different and
there are things you need to know and
i'll share those with you when you come
and see me but there are four main types
of trader there's position traders and
they're looking to get in and out of the
market within two weeks to three months
as it says there you got swing traders
they're looking to get in for two days
to two weeks so you have your swingers
anybody fancy doing a bit of swing in
what you're laughing at what you laughin
so the swingers out there there's day
traders now the name gives it away
doesn't it how long do you think they're
in the market for one day they're in and
out in a day and i'll just give you some
examples of this later and scalpers
they're in for about five minutes these
are the guys there in front of their
computer and if they need the loo
they've either got a stretch gentlemen
well they got to sit there and hold it
cuz they can't go anywhere they
literally stare at their screen and
don't go anywhere and it's an
interesting fact before we start getting
into some examples the average
millionaire that makes it from stock
trading makes it in five years everyone
go ooh is that a pretty good time that's
pretty good but here's the thing unless
you have these three factors that won't
happen you need a strategy you need
support and you need a system traders in
the room would you agree yes if you
don't have a strategy and don't have a
plan then you become a victim of the
market what most people do is they take
their money throw it into the
marketplace and lose it within three
months so when I meet somebody as I have
done over that I met new people over the
last three months and I'm out there
talking to people I tell them what I do
the first thing they do is go like this
because they think I'm one of the guys
like it lehman brothers walking out with
my box cuz everybody puts traders
bankers brokers into the same bracket
but what I do is I look at market
volatility and I benefit from that these
last three months I have trading mentors
trading friends that are not working at
the moment because they've taken six
months off I couldn't cuz had to be here
but the point of the matter is is that
if you can trade the market correctly an
increase in volatility which the herd
out there think is dangerous is actually
your opportunity so you can profit when
the markets down i'll show you how to do
that very shortly